oh you
no no
No
going with coil
where we are we are the only
don't know
Oh
on you
go
when we
where
go away
I cannot job down on the bridge now
how are you like I want to forward but I
god-given itself I bonus running this
David Tutera cancer community center on
market street hockey quarterly I wishes
by 95 Steve dietrich-smith our market
research
into this please I'm going to need them
to a foolish water supply 54 when they
get here to be when they get on the road
stay away from the Florida i watch you
guys do in a lonely actually feel
hey pop another deer
you man would
okay the colon has been there finds
responding and see if we lost robust
ahead Betty